# 2000

## TOC

- [2000-03](#2000-03)
- [2000-06](#2000-06)

## 2000-03

<details>

<summary>2000-03-22 12:49:38 - MOO: A Methodology for Online Optimization through Mining the Offline Optimum</summary>

- *Jason W. H. Lee, Y. C. Tay, Anthony K. H. Tung*

- `0003072v1` - [abs](http://arxiv.org/abs/0003072v1) - [pdf](http://arxiv.org/pdf/cs/0003072v1)

> Ports, warehouses and courier services have to decide online how an arriving task is to be served in order that cost is minimized (or profit maximized). These operators have a wealth of historical data on task assignments; can these data be mined for knowledge or rules that can help the decision-making?   MOO is a novel application of data mining to online optimization. The idea is to mine (logged) expert decisions or the offline optimum for rules that can be used for online decisions. It requires little knowledge about the task distribution and cost structure, and is applicable to a wide range of problems.   This paper presents a feasibility study of the methodology for the well-known k-server problem. Experiments with synthetic data show that optimization can be recast as classification of the optimum decisions; the resulting heuristic can achieve the optimum for strong request patterns, consistently outperforms other heuristics for weak patterns, and is robust despite changes in cost model.

</details>


## 2000-06

<details>

<summary>2000-06-09 20:49:03 - A Comparison of the XTAG and CLE Grammars for English</summary>

- *Beth Ann Hockey, Manny Rayner, Frankie James*

- `0006020v1` - [abs](http://arxiv.org/abs/0006020v1) - [pdf](http://arxiv.org/pdf/cs/0006020v1)

> When people develop something intended as a large broad-coverage grammar, they usually have a more specific goal in mind. Sometimes this goal is covering a corpus; sometimes the developers have theoretical ideas they wish to investigate; most often, work is driven by a combination of these two main types of goal. What tends to happen after a while is that the community of people working with the grammar starts thinking of some phenomena as ``central'', and makes serious efforts to deal with them; other phenomena are labelled ``marginal'', and ignored. Before long, the distinction between ``central'' and ``marginal'' becomes so ingrained that it is automatic, and people virtually stop thinking about the ``marginal'' phenomena. In practice, the only way to bring the marginal things back into focus is to look at what other people are doing and compare it with one's own work. In this paper, we will take two large grammars, XTAG and the CLE, and examine each of them from the other's point of view. We will find in both cases not only that important things are missing, but that the perspective offered by the other grammar suggests simple and practical ways of filling in the holes. It turns out that there is a pleasing symmetry to the picture. XTAG has a very good treatment of complement structure, which the CLE to some extent lacks; conversely, the CLE offers a powerful and general account of adjuncts, which the XTAG grammar does not fully duplicate. If we examine the way in which each grammar does the thing it is good at, we find that the relevant methods are quite easy to port to the other framework, and in fact only involve generalization and systematization of existing mechanisms.

</details>

<details>

<summary>2000-06-13 09:50:03 - Verbal Interactions in Virtual Worlds</summary>

- *Pierre Nugues*

- `0006027v1` - [abs](http://arxiv.org/abs/0006027v1) - [pdf](http://arxiv.org/pdf/cs/0006027v1)

> We first discuss respective advantages of language interaction in virtual worlds and of using 3D images in dialogue systems. Then, we describe an example of a verbal interaction system in virtual reality: Ulysse. Ulysse is a conversational agent that helps a user navigate in virtual worlds. It has been designed to be embedded in the representation of a participant of a virtual conference and it responds positively to motion orders. Ulysse navigates the user's viewpoint on his/her behalf in the virtual world. On tests we carried out, we discovered that users, novices as well as experienced ones have difficulties moving in a 3D environment. Agents such as Ulysse enable a user to carry out navigation motions that would have been impossible with classical interaction devices. From the whole Ulysse system, we have stripped off a skeleton architecture that we have ported to VRML, Java, and Prolog. We hope this skeleton helps the design of language applications in virtual worlds.

</details>

