# 2001

## TOC

- [2001-08](#2001-08)
- [2001-11](#2001-11)

## 2001-08

<details>

<summary>2001-08-29 03:59:31 - Portability of Syntactic Structure for Language Modeling</summary>

- *Ciprian Chelba*

- `0108022v1` - [abs](http://arxiv.org/abs/0108022v1) - [pdf](http://arxiv.org/pdf/cs/0108022v1)

> The paper presents a study on the portability of statistical syntactic knowledge in the framework of the structured language model (SLM). We investigate the impact of porting SLM statistics from the Wall Street Journal (WSJ) to the Air Travel Information System (ATIS) domain. We compare this approach to applying the Microsoft rule-based parser (NLPwin) for the ATIS data and to using a small amount of data manually parsed at UPenn for gathering the intial SLM statistics. Surprisingly, despite the fact that it performs modestly in perplexity (PPL), the model initialized on WSJ parses outperforms the other initialization methods based on in-domain annotated data, achieving a significant 0.4% absolute and 7% relative reduction in word error rate (WER) over a baseline system whose word error rate is 5.8%; the improvement measured relative to the minimum WER achievable on the N-best lists we worked with is 12%.

</details>


## 2001-11

<details>

<summary>2001-11-16 17:02:13 - Prototyping CLP(FD) Tracers: a Trace Model and an Experimental Validation Environment</summary>

- *Ludovic Langevine, Pierre Deransart, Mireille Ducasse, Erwan Jahier*

- `0111043v1` - [abs](http://arxiv.org/abs/0111043v1) - [pdf](http://arxiv.org/pdf/cs/0111043v1)

> Developing and maintaining CLP programs requires visualization and explanation tools. However, existing tools are built in an ad hoc way. Therefore porting tools from one platform to another is very difficult. We have shown in previous work that, from a fine-grained execution trace, a number of interesting views about logic program executions could be generated by trace analysis.   In this article, we propose a trace model for constraint solving by narrowing. This trace model is the first one proposed for CLP(FD) and does not pretend to be the ultimate one. We also propose an instrumented meta-interpreter in order to experiment with the model. Furthermore, we show that the proposed trace model contains the necessary information to build known and useful execution views. This work sets the basis for generic execution analysis of CLP(FD) programs.

</details>

