# 2007

## TOC

- [2007-02](#2007-02)
- [2007-07](#2007-07)
- [2007-08](#2007-08)
- [2007-11](#2007-11)

## 2007-02

<details>

<summary>2007-02-28 13:00:33 - Finite Volume Analysis of Nonlinear Thermo-mechanical Dynamics of Shape Memory Alloys</summary>

- *Linxiang X. Wang, Roderick V. N. Melnik*

- `0702167v1` - [abs](http://arxiv.org/abs/0702167v1) - [pdf](http://arxiv.org/pdf/cs/0702167v1)

> In this paper, the finite volume method is developed to analyze coupled dynamic problems of nonlinear thermoelasticity. The major focus is given to the description of martensitic phase transformations essential in the modelling of shape memory alloys. Computational experiments are carried out to study the thermo-mechanical wave interactions in a shape memory alloy rod, and a patch. Both mechanically and thermally induced phase transformations, as well as hysteresis effects, in a one-dimensional structure are successfully simulated with the developed methodology. In the two-dimensional case, the main focus is given to square-to-rectangular transformations and examples of martensitic combinations under different mechanical loadings are provided.

</details>

<details>

<summary>2007-02-28 14:09:42 - Simulation of Phase Combinations in Shape Memory Alloys Patches by Hybrid Optimization Methods</summary>

- *Linxiang X. Wang, Roderick V. N. Melnik*

- `0702168v1` - [abs](http://arxiv.org/abs/0702168v1) - [pdf](http://arxiv.org/pdf/cs/0702168v1)

> In this paper, phase combinations among martensitic variants in shape memory alloys patches and bars are simulated by a hybrid optimization methodology. The mathematical model is based on the Landau theory of phase transformations. Each stable phase is associated with a local minimum of the free energy function, and the phase combinations are simulated by minimizing the bulk energy. At low temperature, the free energy function has double potential wells leading to non-convexity of the optimization problem. The methodology proposed in the present paper is based on an initial estimate of the global solution by a genetic algorithm, followed by a refined quasi-Newton procedure to locally refine the optimum. By combining the local and global search algorithms, the phase combinations are successfully simulated. Numerical experiments are presented for the phase combinations in a SMA patch under several typical mechanical loadings.

</details>


## 2007-07

<details>

<summary>2007-07-05 15:19:37 - The Cyborg Astrobiologist: Porting from a wearable computer to the Astrobiology Phone-cam</summary>

- *Alexandra Bartolo, Patrick C. McGuire, Kenneth P. Camilleri, Christopher Spiteri, Jonathan C. Borg, Philip J. Farrugia, Jens Ormo, Javier Gomez-Elvira, Jose Antonio Rodriguez-Manfredi, Enrique Diaz-Martinez, Helge Ritter, Robert Haschke, Markus Oesker, Joerg Ontrup*

- `0707.0808v1` - [abs](http://arxiv.org/abs/0707.0808v1) - [pdf](http://arxiv.org/pdf/0707.0808v1)

> We have used a simple camera phone to significantly improve an `exploration system' for astrobiology and geology. This camera phone will make it much easier to develop and test computer-vision algorithms for future planetary exploration. We envision that the `Astrobiology Phone-cam' exploration system can be fruitfully used in other problem domains as well.

</details>


## 2007-08

<details>

<summary>2007-08-16 18:06:18 - A Language for Generic Programming in the Large</summary>

- *Jeremy G. Siek, Andrew Lumsdaine*

- `0708.2255v1` - [abs](http://arxiv.org/abs/0708.2255v1) - [pdf](http://arxiv.org/pdf/0708.2255v1)

> Generic programming is an effective methodology for developing reusable software libraries. Many programming languages provide generics and have features for describing interfaces, but none completely support the idioms used in generic programming. To address this need we developed the language G. The central feature of G is the concept, a mechanism for organizing constraints on generics that is inspired by the needs of modern C++ libraries. G provides modular type checking and separate compilation (even of generics). These characteristics support modular software development, especially the smooth integration of independently developed components. In this article we present the rationale for the design of G and demonstrate the expressiveness of G with two case studies: porting the Standard Template Library and the Boost Graph Library from C++ to G. The design of G shares much in common with the concept extension proposed for the next C++ Standard (the authors participated in its design) but there are important differences described in this article.

</details>


## 2007-11

<details>

<summary>2007-11-22 15:54:31 - Very strict selectional restrictions</summary>

- *Eric Laporte, Christian Leclère, Maria Carmelita P. Dias*

- `0711.3605v1` - [abs](http://arxiv.org/abs/0711.3605v1) - [pdf](http://arxiv.org/pdf/0711.3605v1)

> We discuss the characteristics and behaviour of two parallel classes of verbs in two Romance languages, French and Portuguese. Examples of these verbs are Port. abater [gado] and Fr. abattre [b\'etail], both meaning "slaughter [cattle]". In both languages, the definition of the class of verbs includes several features: - They have only one essential complement, which is a direct object. - The nominal distribution of the complement is very limited, i.e., few nouns can be selected as head nouns of the complement. However, this selection is not restricted to a single noun, as would be the case for verbal idioms such as Fr. monter la garde "mount guard". - We excluded from the class constructions which are reductions of more complex constructions, e.g. Port. afinar [instrumento] com "tune [instrument] with".

</details>

