# 2008

## TOC

- [2008-01](#2008-01)
- [2008-04](#2008-04)
- [2008-05](#2008-05)
- [2008-12](#2008-12)

## 2008-01

<details>

<summary>2008-01-25 12:06:48 - Increased security through open source</summary>

- *Jaap-Henk Hoepman, Bart Jacobs*

- `0801.3924v1` - [abs](http://arxiv.org/abs/0801.3924v1) - [pdf](http://arxiv.org/pdf/0801.3924v1)

> In this paper we discuss the impact of open source on both the security and transparency of a software system. We focus on the more technical aspects of this issue, combining and extending arguments developed over the years. We stress that our discussion of the problem only applies to software for general purpose computing systems. For embedded systems, where the software usually cannot easily be patched or upgraded, different considerations may apply.

</details>


## 2008-04

<details>

<summary>2008-04-24 01:03:12 - Unconditionally secure computers, algorithms and hardware, such as memories, processors, keyboards, flash and hard drives</summary>

- *Laszlo B. Kish, Olivier Saidi*

- `0803.4479v3` - [abs](http://arxiv.org/abs/0803.4479v3) - [pdf](http://arxiv.org/pdf/0803.4479v3)

> In the case of the need of extraordinary security, Kirchhoff-loop-Johnson-(like)-noise ciphers can easily be integrated on existing types of digital chips in order to provide secure data communication between hardware processors, memory chips, hard disks and other units within a computer or other data processor system. The secure key exchange can take place at the very first run and the system can renew the key later at random times with an authenticated fashion to prohibit man-in-the-middle attack. The key can be stored in flash memories within the communicating chip units at hidden random addresses among other random bits that are continuously generated by the secure line but are never actually used. Thus, even if the system is disassembled, and the eavesdropper can have direct access to the communication lines between the units, or even if she is trying to use a man-in-the-middle attack, no information can be extracted. The only way to break the code is to learn the chip structure, to understand the machine code program and to read out the information during running by accessing the proper internal ports of the working chips. However such an attack needs extraordinary resources and even that can be prohibited by a password lockout. The unconditional security of commercial algorithms against piracy can be provided in a similar way.

</details>


## 2008-05

<details>

<summary>2008-05-13 08:34:03 - Universe Detectors for Sybil Defense in Ad Hoc Wireless Networks</summary>

- *Adnan Vora, Mikhail Nesterenko, Sébastien Tixeuil, Sylvie Delaët*

- `0805.0087v2` - [abs](http://arxiv.org/abs/0805.0087v2) - [pdf](http://arxiv.org/pdf/0805.0087v2)

> The Sybil attack in unknown port networks such as wireless is not considered tractable. A wireless node is not capable of independently differentiating the universe of real nodes from the universe of arbitrary non-existent fictitious nodes created by the attacker. Similar to failure detectors, we propose to use universe detectors to help nodes determine which universe is real. In this paper, we (i) define several variants of the neighborhood discovery problem under Sybil attack (ii) propose a set of matching universe detectors (iii) demonstrate the necessity of additional topological constraints for the problems to be solvable: node density and communication range; (iv) present SAND -- an algorithm that solves these problems with the help of appropriate universe detectors, this solution demonstrates that the proposed universe detectors are the weakest detectors possible for each problem.

</details>


## 2008-12

<details>

<summary>2008-12-04 21:37:35 - Uncovering protein interaction in abstracts and text using a novel linear model and word proximity networks</summary>

- *Alaa Abi-Haidar, Jasleen Kaur, Ana G. Maguitman, Predrag Radivojac, Andreas Retchsteiner, Karin Verspoor, Zhiping Wang, Luis M. Rocha*

- `0812.1029v1` - [abs](http://arxiv.org/abs/0812.1029v1) - [pdf](http://arxiv.org/pdf/0812.1029v1)

> We participated in three of the protein-protein interaction subtasks of the Second BioCreative Challenge: classification of abstracts relevant for protein-protein interaction (IAS), discovery of protein pairs (IPS) and text passages characterizing protein interaction (ISS) in full text documents. We approached the abstract classification task with a novel, lightweight linear model inspired by spam-detection techniques, as well as an uncertainty-based integration scheme. We also used a Support Vector Machine and the Singular Value Decomposition on the same features for comparison purposes. Our approach to the full text subtasks (protein pair and passage identification) includes a feature expansion method based on word-proximity networks. Our approach to the abstract classification task (IAS) was among the top submissions for this task in terms of the measures of performance used in the challenge evaluation (accuracy, F-score and AUC). We also report on a web-tool we produced using our approach: the Protein Interaction Abstract Relevance Evaluator (PIARE). Our approach to the full text tasks resulted in one of the highest recall rates as well as mean reciprocal rank of correct passages. Our approach to abstract classification shows that a simple linear model, using relatively few features, is capable of generalizing and uncovering the conceptual nature of protein-protein interaction from the bibliome. Since the novel approach is based on a very lightweight linear model, it can be easily ported and applied to similar problems. In full text problems, the expansion of word features with word-proximity networks is shown to be useful, though the need for some improvements is discussed.

</details>

