# 2009

## TOC

- [2009-04](#2009-04)
- [2009-05](#2009-05)
- [2009-07](#2009-07)
- [2009-09](#2009-09)
- [2009-10](#2009-10)
- [2009-11](#2009-11)
- [2009-12](#2009-12)

## 2009-04

<details>

<summary>2009-04-08 23:46:10 - Towards an explanatory and computational theory of scientific discovery</summary>

- *Chaomei Chen, Yue Chen, Mark Horowitz, Haiyan Hou, Zeyuan Liu, Don Pellegrino*

- `0904.1439v1` - [abs](http://arxiv.org/abs/0904.1439v1) - [pdf](http://arxiv.org/pdf/0904.1439v1)

> We propose an explanatory and computational theory of transformative discoveries in science. The theory is derived from a recurring theme found in a diverse range of scientific change, scientific discovery, and knowledge diffusion theories in philosophy of science, sociology of science, social network analysis, and information science. The theory extends the concept of structural holes from social networks to a broader range of associative networks found in science studies, especially including networks that reflect underlying intellectual structures such as co-citation networks and collaboration networks. The central premise is that connecting otherwise disparate patches of knowledge is a valuable mechanism of creative thinking in general and transformative scientific discovery in particular.

</details>

<details>

<summary>2009-04-29 21:33:39 - Quality Classifiers for Open Source Software Repositories</summary>

- *George Tsatsaronis, Maria Halkidi, Emmanouel A. Giakoumakis*

- `0904.4708v1` - [abs](http://arxiv.org/abs/0904.4708v1) - [pdf](http://arxiv.org/pdf/0904.4708v1)

> Open Source Software (OSS) often relies on large repositories, like SourceForge, for initial incubation. The OSS repositories offer a large variety of meta-data providing interesting information about projects and their success. In this paper we propose a data mining approach for training classifiers on the OSS meta-data provided by such data repositories. The classifiers learn to predict the successful continuation of an OSS project. The `successfulness' of projects is defined in terms of the classifier confidence with which it predicts that they could be ported in popular OSS projects (such as FreeBSD, Gentoo Portage).

</details>


## 2009-05

<details>

<summary>2009-05-05 12:04:12 - WinBioinfTools: Bioinformatics Tools for Windows High Performance Computing Server 2008</summary>

- *Mohamed Abouelhoda, Hisham Mohamed*

- `0905.0586v1` - [abs](http://arxiv.org/abs/0905.0586v1) - [pdf](http://arxiv.org/pdf/0905.0586v1)

> Open source bioinformatics tools running under MS Windows are rare to find, and those running under Windows HPC cluster are almost non-existing. This is despite the fact that the Windows is the most popular operating system used among life scientists. Therefore, we introduce in this initiative WinBioinfTools, a toolkit containing a number of bioinformatics tools running under Windows High Performance Computing Server 2008. It is an open source code package, where users and developers can share and add to. We currently start with three programs from the area of sequence analysis: 1) CoCoNUT for pairwise genome comparison, 2) parallel BLAST for biological database search, and 3) parallel global pairwise sequence alignment. In this report, we focus on technical aspects concerning how some components of these tools were ported from Linux/Unix environment to run under Windows. We also show the advantages of using the Windows HPC Cluster 2008. We demonstrate by experiments the performance gain achieved when using a computer cluster against a single machine. Furthermore, we show the results of comparing the performance of WinBioinfTools on the Windows and Linux Cluster.

</details>


## 2009-07

<details>

<summary>2009-07-15 15:27:00 - Counting Hexagonal Patches and Independent Sets in Circle Graphs</summary>

- *Paul Bonsma, Felix Breuer*

- `0808.3881v2` - [abs](http://arxiv.org/abs/0808.3881v2) - [pdf](http://arxiv.org/pdf/0808.3881v2)

> A hexagonal patch is a plane graph in which inner faces have length 6, inner vertices have degree 3, and boundary vertices have degree 2 or 3. We consider the following counting problem: given a sequence of twos and threes, how many hexagonal patches exist with this degree sequence along the outer face? This problem is motivated by the study of benzenoid hydrocarbons and fullerenes in computational chemistry. We give the first polynomial time algorithm for this problem. We show that it can be reduced to counting maximum independent sets in circle graphs, and give a simple and fast algorithm for this problem.

</details>

<details>

<summary>2009-07-15 15:39:00 - Finding Fullerene Patches in Polynomial Time</summary>

- *Paul Bonsma, Felix Breuer*

- `0907.2627v1` - [abs](http://arxiv.org/abs/0907.2627v1) - [pdf](http://arxiv.org/pdf/0907.2627v1)

> We consider the following question, motivated by the enumeration of fullerenes. A fullerene patch is a 2-connected plane graph G in which inner faces have length 5 or 6, non-boundary vertices have degree 3, and boundary vertices have degree 2 or 3. The degree sequence along the boundary is called the boundary code of G. We show that the question whether a given sequence S is a boundary code of some fullerene patch can be answered in polynomial time when such patches have at most five 5-faces. We conjecture that our algorithm gives the correct answer for any number of 5-faces, and sketch how to extend the algorithm to the problem of counting the number of different patches with a given boundary code.

</details>


## 2009-09

<details>

<summary>2009-09-08 02:43:24 - On The Optimality Of All To All Broadcast In k ary n dimensional Tori</summary>

- *Jean Pierre Jung, Ibrahima Sakho*

- `0909.1374v1` - [abs](http://arxiv.org/abs/0909.1374v1) - [pdf](http://arxiv.org/pdf/0909.1374v1)

> All to all broadcast is a collective communication in a network with the constraint that every node must send to each other certain piece of its data. This paper addresses the problem of optimal all port all to all broadcast in multidimensional tori. The optimality criteria considered are the minimum exchange steps, no duplicated data in the sense that only new data are conveyed to receivers and the balance of the communication links load. It is proved that under these constraints, an optimal broadcast is not feasible in any multidimensional torus. Then, the tori which are capable of optimal broadcasts are characterized.

</details>


## 2009-10

<details>

<summary>2009-10-26 15:13:04 - Articulation and Clarification of the Dendritic Cell Algorithm</summary>

- *Julie Greensmith, Uwe Aickelin, Jamie Twycross*

- `0910.4903v1` - [abs](http://arxiv.org/abs/0910.4903v1) - [pdf](http://arxiv.org/pdf/0910.4903v1)

> The Dendritic Cell algorithm (DCA) is inspired by recent work in innate immunity. In this paper a formal description of the DCA is given. The DCA is described in detail, and its use as an anomaly detector is illustrated within the context of computer security. A port scan detection task is performed to substantiate the influence of signal selection on the behaviour of the algorithm. Experimental results provide a comparison of differing input signal mappings.

</details>


## 2009-11

<details>

<summary>2009-11-03 05:17:30 - Exception Agent Detection System for IP Spoofing Over Online Environments</summary>

- *Al-Sammarraie Hosam, Adli Mustafa, Shakeel Ahmad, Merza Abbas*

- `0911.0501v1` - [abs](http://arxiv.org/abs/0911.0501v1) - [pdf](http://arxiv.org/pdf/0911.0501v1)

> Over the recent years, IP and email spoofing gained much importance for security concerns due to the current changes in manipulating the system performance in different online environments. Intrusion Detection System (IDS) has been used to secure these environments for sharing their data over network and host based IDS approaches. However, the rapid growth of intrusion events over Internet and local area network become responsible for the distribution of different threats and vulnerabilities in the computing systems. The current signature detection approach used by IDS, detects unclear actions based on analyzing and describing the action patterns such as time, text, password etc and has been faced difficulties in updating information, detect unknown novel attacks, maintenance of an IDS which is necessarily connected with analyzing and patching of security holes, and the lack of information on user privileges and attack signature structure. Thus, this paper proposes an EADS (Exception agent detection system) for securing the header information carried by IP over online environments. The study mainly concerns with the deployment of new technique for detecting and eliminating the unknown threats attacks during the data sharing over online environments.

</details>

<details>

<summary>2009-11-29 06:27:55 - Symbolic Implementation of Connectors in BIP</summary>

- *Mohamad Jaber, Ananda Basu, Simon Bliudze*

- `0911.5446v1` - [abs](http://arxiv.org/abs/0911.5446v1) - [pdf](http://arxiv.org/pdf/0911.5446v1)

> BIP is a component framework for constructing systems by superposing three layers of modeling: Behavior, Interaction, and Priority. Behavior is represented by labeled transition systems communicating through ports. Interactions are sets of ports. A synchronization between components is possible through the interactions specified by a set of connectors. When several interactions are possible, priorities allow to restrict the non-determinism by choosing an interaction, which is maximal according to some given strict partial order.   The BIP component framework has been implemented in a language and a tool-set. The execution of a BIP program is driven by a dedicated engine, which has access to the set of connectors and priority model of the program. A key performance issue is the computation of the set of possible interactions of the BIP program from a given state.   Currently, the choice of the interaction to be executed involves a costly exploration of enumerative representations for connectors. This leads to a considerable overhead in execution times. In this paper, we propose a symbolic implementation of the execution model of BIP, which drastically reduces this overhead. The symbolic implementation is based on computing boolean representation for components, connectors, and priorities with an existing BDD package.

</details>


## 2009-12

<details>

<summary>2009-12-03 01:31:36 - Modular Workflow Engine for Distributed Services using Lightweight Java Clients</summary>

- *R. -M. Vetter, W. Lennartz, J. -V. Peetz*

- `0912.0549v1` - [abs](http://arxiv.org/abs/0912.0549v1) - [pdf](http://arxiv.org/pdf/0912.0549v1)

> In this article we introduce the concept and the first implementation of a lightweight client-server-framework as middleware for distributed computing. On the client side an installation without administrative rights or privileged ports can turn any computer into a worker node. Only a Java runtime environment and the JAR files comprising the workflow client are needed. To connect all clients to the engine one open server port is sufficient. The engine submits data to the clients and orchestrates their work by workflow descriptions from a central database. Clients request new task descriptions periodically, thus the system is robust against network failures. In the basic set-up, data up- and downloads are handled via HTTP communication with the server. The performance of the modular system could additionally be improved using dedicated file servers or distributed network file systems.   We demonstrate the design features of the proposed engine in real-world applications from mechanical engineering. We have used this system on a compute cluster in design-of-experiment studies, parameter optimisations and robustness validations of finite element structures.

</details>

