# 2011

## TOC

- [2011-02](#2011-02)
- [2011-03](#2011-03)
- [2011-04](#2011-04)
- [2011-06](#2011-06)
- [2011-07](#2011-07)
- [2011-08](#2011-08)
- [2011-09](#2011-09)
- [2011-10](#2011-10)

## 2011-02

<details>

<summary>2011-02-14 01:09:40 - PORGY: Strategy-Driven Interactive Transformation of Graphs</summary>

- *Oana Andrei, Maribel Fernández, Hélène Kirchner, Guy Melançon, Olivier Namet, Bruno Pinaud*

- `1102.2654v1` - [abs](http://arxiv.org/abs/1102.2654v1) - [pdf](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1102.2654v1)

> This paper investigates the use of graph rewriting systems as a modelling tool, and advocates the embedding of such systems in an interactive environment. One important application domain is the modelling of biochemical systems, where states are represented by port graphs and the dynamics is driven by rules and strategies. A graph rewriting tool's capability to interactively explore the features of the rewriting system provides useful insights into possible behaviours of the model and its properties. We describe PORGY, a visual and interactive tool we have developed to model complex systems using port graphs and port graph rewrite rules guided by strategies, and to navigate in the derivation history. We demonstrate via examples some functionalities provided by PORGY.

</details>


## 2011-03

<details>

<summary>2011-03-08 12:13:20 - A Secure Asynchronous FPGA Architecture, Experimental Results and Some Debug Feedback</summary>

- *Sumanta Chaudhuri, Sylvain Guilley, Philippe Hoogvorst, Jean-Luc Danger, Taha Beyrouthy, Alin Razafindraibe, Laurent Fesquet, Marc Renaudin*

- `1103.1360v2` - [abs](http://arxiv.org/abs/1103.1360v2) - [pdf](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1103.1360v2)

> This article presents an asynchronous FPGA architecture for implementing cryptographic algorithms secured against physical cryptanalysis. We discuss the suitability of asynchronous reconfigurable architectures for such applications before proceeding to model the side channel and defining our objectives. The logic block architecture is presented in detail. We discuss several solutions for the interconnect architecture, and how these solutions can be ported to other flavours of interconnect (i.e. single driver). Next We discuss in detail a high speed asynchronous configuration chain architecture used to configure our asynchronous FPGA with simulation results, and we present a 3 X 3 prototype FPGA fabricated in 65 nm CMOS. Lastly we present experiments to test the high speed asynchronous configuration chain and evaluate how far our objectives have been achieved with proposed solutions, and we conclude with emphasis on complementary FPGA CAD algorithms, and the effect of CMOS variation on Side-Channel Vulnerability.

</details>

<details>

<summary>2011-03-24 22:19:25 - Programming Massively Parallel Architectures using MARTE: a Case Study</summary>

- *Wendell Rodrigues, Frédéric Guyomarc'h, Jean-Luc Dekeyser*

- `1103.4881v1` - [abs](http://arxiv.org/abs/1103.4881v1) - [pdf](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1103.4881v1)

> Nowadays, several industrial applications are being ported to parallel architectures. These applications take advantage of the potential parallelism provided by multiple core processors. Many-core processors, especially the GPUs(Graphics Processing Unit), have led the race of floating-point performance since 2003. While the performance improvement of general- purpose microprocessors has slowed significantly, the GPUs have continued to improve relentlessly. As of 2009, the ratio between many-core GPUs and multicore CPUs for peak floating-point calculation throughput is about 10 times. However, as parallel programming requires a non-trivial distribution of tasks and data, developers find it hard to implement their applications effectively. Aiming to improve the use of many-core processors, this work presents an case-study using UML and MARTE profile to specify and generate OpenCL code for intensive signal processing applications. Benchmark results show us the viability of the use of MDE approaches to generate GPU applications.

</details>


## 2011-04

<details>

<summary>2011-04-06 05:47:50 - Network attack detection at flow level</summary>

- *Aleksey A. Galtsev, Andrei M. Sukhov*

- `1104.1010v1` - [abs](http://arxiv.org/abs/1104.1010v1) - [pdf](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1104.1010v1)

> In this paper, we propose a new method for detecting unauthorized network intrusions, based on a traffic flow model and Cisco NetFlow protocol application. The method developed allows us not only to detect the most common types of network attack (DDoS and port scanning), but also to make a list of trespassers' IP-addresses. Therefore, this method can be applied in intrusion detection systems, and in those systems which lock these IP-addresses.

</details>


## 2011-06

<details>

<summary>2011-06-05 07:10:43 - On the random access performance of Cell Broadband Engine with graph analysis application</summary>

- *Mingyu Chen, David A. Bader*

- `1105.5881v2` - [abs](http://arxiv.org/abs/1105.5881v2) - [pdf](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1105.5881v2)

> The Cell Broad Engine (BE) Processor has unique memory access architecture besides its powerful computing engines. Many computing-intensive applications have been ported to Cell/BE successfully. But memory-intensive applications are rarely investigated except for several micro benchmarks. Since Cell/BE has powerful software visible DMA engine, this paper studies on whether Cell/BE is suit for applica- tions with large amount of random memory accesses. Two benchmarks, GUPS and SSCA#2, are used. The latter is a rather complex one that in representative of real world graph analysis applications. We find both benchmarks have good performance on Cell/BE based IBM QS20/22. Com- pared with 2 conventional multi-processor systems with the same core/thread number, GUPS is about 40-80% fast and SSCA#2 about 17-30% fast. The dynamic load balanc- ing and software pipeline for optimizing SSCA#2 are intro- duced. Based on the experiment, the potential of Cell/BE for random access is analyzed in detail as well as its limita- tions of memory controller, atomic engine and TLB manage- ment.Our research shows although more programming effort are needed, Cell/BE has the potencial for irregular memory access applications.

</details>


## 2011-07

<details>

<summary>2011-07-27 03:01:36 - Bidirectional Pipelining for Scalable IP Lookup and Packet Classification</summary>

- *Weirong Jiang, Hoang Le, Viktor K. Prasanna*

- `1107.5372v1` - [abs](http://arxiv.org/abs/1107.5372v1) - [pdf](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1107.5372v1)

> Both IP lookup and packet classification in IP routers can be implemented by some form of tree traversal. SRAM-based Pipelining can improve the throughput dramatically. However, previous pipelining schemes result in unbalanced memory allocation over the pipeline stages. This has been identified as a major challenge for scalable pipelined solutions. This paper proposes a flexible bidirectional linear pipeline architecture based on widely-used dual-port SRAMs. A search tree is partitioned, and then mapped onto pipeline stages by a bidirectional fine-grained mapping scheme. We introduce the notion of inversion factor and several heuristics to invert subtrees for memory balancing. Due to its linear structure, the architecture maintains packet input order, and supports non-blocking route updates. Our experiments show that, the architecture can achieve a perfectly balanced memory distribution over the pipeline stages, for both trie-based IP lookup and tree-based multi-dimensional packet classification. For IP lookup, it can store a full backbone routing table with 154419 entries using 2MB of memory, and sustain a high throughput of 1.87 billion packets per second (GPPS), i.e. 0.6 Tbps for the minimum size (40 bytes) packets. The throughput can be improved further to be 2.4 Tbps, by employing caching to exploit the Internet traffic locality.

</details>


## 2011-08

<details>

<summary>2011-08-05 14:54:25 - Architecture Of A Identity Based Firewall System</summary>

- *Nenad Stojanovski, Marjan Gusev*

- `1108.1344v1` - [abs](http://arxiv.org/abs/1108.1344v1) - [pdf](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1108.1344v1)

> Classic firewall systems are built to filter traffic based on IP addresses, source and destination ports and protocol types. The modern networks have grown to a level where the possibility for users' mobility is a must. In such networks, modern firewalls may introduce such complexity where administration can become very frustrating since it needs the intervention of a firewall administrator. The solution for this problem is an identity based firewall system. In this paper we will present a new design of a firewall system that uses the user's identity to filter the traffic. In the design phase we will define key points which have to be satisfied as a crucial milestone for the functioning of the whole Identity based firewall system.

</details>

<details>

<summary>2011-08-05 15:24:38 - Phagocytes: A Holistic Defense and Protection Against Active P2P Worms</summary>

- *Ruichuan Chen, Eng Keong Lua, Jon Crowcroft, Liyong Tang, Zhong Chen*

- `1108.1350v1` - [abs](http://arxiv.org/abs/1108.1350v1) - [pdf](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1108.1350v1)

> Active Peer-to-Peer (P2P) worms present serious threats to the global Internet by exploiting popular P2P applications to perform rapid topological self-propagation. Active P2P worms pose more deadly threats than normal scanning worms because they do not exhibit easily detectable anomalies, thus many existing defenses are no longer effective.   We propose an immunity system with Phagocytes --- a small subset of elected P2P hosts that are immune with high probability and specialized in finding and "eating" worms in the P2P overlay. The Phagocytes will monitor their managed P2P hosts' connection patterns and traffic volume in an attempt to detect active P2P worm attacks. Once detected, local isolation, alert propagation and software patching will take place for containment. The Phagocytes further provide the access control and filtering mechanisms for communication establishment between the internal P2P overlay and the external hosts. We design a novel adaptive and interaction-based computational puzzle scheme at the Phagocytes to restrain external worms attacking the P2P overlay, without influencing legitimate hosts' experiences significantly. We implement a prototype system, and evaluate its performance based on realistic massive-scale P2P network traces. The evaluation results illustrate that our Phagocytes are capable of achieving a total defense against active P2P worms.

</details>

<details>

<summary>2011-08-05 21:43:35 - A Novel Header Matching Algorithm for Intrusion Detection Systems</summary>

- *Mohammad A. Alia, Adnan A. Hnaif, Hayam K. Al-Anie, Khulood Abu Maria, Ahmed M. Manasrah, M. Imran Sarwar*

- `1108.1417v1` - [abs](http://arxiv.org/abs/1108.1417v1) - [pdf](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1108.1417v1)

> The evolving necessity of the Internet increases the demand on the bandwidth. Therefore, this demand opens the doors for the hackers' community to develop new methods and techniques to gain control over networking systems. Hence, the intrusion detection systems (IDS) are insufficient to prevent/detect unauthorized access the network. Network Intrusion Detection System (NIDS) is one example that still suffers from performance degradation due the increase of the link speed in today's networks. In This paper we proposed a novel algorithm to detect the intruders, who's trying to gain access to the network using the packets header parameters such as; source/destination address, source/destination port, and protocol without the need to inspect each packet content looking for signatures/patterns. However, the "Packet Header Matching" algorithm enhances the overall speed of the matching process between the incoming packet headers against the rule set. We ran the proposed algorithm to proof the proposed concept in coping with the traffic arrival speeds and the various bandwidth demands. The achieved results were of significant enhancement of the overall performance in terms of detection speed.

</details>

<details>

<summary>2011-08-26 13:34:54 - Checking Finite State Machine Conformance when there are Distributed Observations</summary>

- *Robert M Hierons*

- `1108.5295v1` - [abs](http://arxiv.org/abs/1108.5295v1) - [pdf](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1108.5295v1)

> This paper concerns state-based systems that interact with their environment at physically distributed interfaces, called ports. When such a system is used a projection of the global trace, called a local trace, is observed at each port. This leads to the environment having reduced observational power: the set of local traces observed need not uniquely define the global trace that occurred. We consider the previously defined implementation relation $\sqsubseteq_s$ and start by investigating the problem of defining a language ${\mathcal {\tilde L}} (M)$ for a multi-port finite state machine (FSM) $M$ such that $N \sqsubseteq_s M$ if and only if every global trace of $N$ is in ${\mathcal {\tilde L}} (M)$. The motivation is that if we can produce such a language ${\mathcal {\tilde L}} (M)$ then this can potentially be used to inform development and testing. We show that ${\mathcal {\tilde L}} (M)$ can be uniquely defined but need not be regular. We then prove that it is generally undecidable whether $N \sqsubseteq_s M$, a consequence of this result being that it is undecidable whether there is a test case that is capable of distinguishing two states or two multi-port FSM in distributed testing. This result complements a previous result that it is undecidable whether there is a test case that is guaranteed to distinguish two states or multi-port FSMs. We also give some conditions under which $N \sqsubseteq_s M$ is decidable. We then consider the implementation relation $\sqsubseteq_s^k$ that only concerns input sequences of length $k$ or less. Naturally, given FSMs $N$ and $M$ it is decidable whether $N \sqsubseteq_s^k M$ since only a finite set of traces is relevant. We prove that if we place bounds on $k$ and the number of ports then we can decide $N \sqsubseteq_s^k M$ in polynomial time but otherwise this problem is NP-hard.

</details>


## 2011-09

<details>

<summary>2011-09-02 17:35:50 - How Open Should Open Source Be?</summary>

- *Adam Barth, Saung Li, Benjamin I. P. Rubinstein, Dawn Song*

- `1109.0507v1` - [abs](http://arxiv.org/abs/1109.0507v1) - [pdf](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1109.0507v1)

> Many open-source projects land security fixes in public repositories before shipping these patches to users. This paper presents attacks on such projects - taking Firefox as a case-study - that exploit patch metadata to efficiently search for security patches prior to shipping. Using access-restricted bug reports linked from patch descriptions, security patches can be immediately identified for 260 out of 300 days of Firefox 3 development. In response to Mozilla obfuscating descriptions, we show that machine learning can exploit metadata such as patch author to search for security patches, extending the total window of vulnerability by 5 months in an 8 month period when examining up to two patches daily. Finally we present strong evidence that further metadata obfuscation is unlikely to prevent information leaks, and we argue that open-source projects instead ought to keep security patches secret until they are ready to be released.

</details>

<details>

<summary>2011-09-16 05:26:00 - Convex and Network Flow Optimization for Structured Sparsity</summary>

- *Julien Mairal, Rodolphe Jenatton, Guillaume Obozinski, Francis Bach*

- `1104.1872v3` - [abs](http://arxiv.org/abs/1104.1872v3) - [pdf](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1104.1872v3)

> We consider a class of learning problems regularized by a structured sparsity-inducing norm defined as the sum of l_2- or l_infinity-norms over groups of variables. Whereas much effort has been put in developing fast optimization techniques when the groups are disjoint or embedded in a hierarchy, we address here the case of general overlapping groups. To this end, we present two different strategies: On the one hand, we show that the proximal operator associated with a sum of l_infinity-norms can be computed exactly in polynomial time by solving a quadratic min-cost flow problem, allowing the use of accelerated proximal gradient methods. On the other hand, we use proximal splitting techniques, and address an equivalent formulation with non-overlapping groups, but in higher dimension and with additional constraints. We propose efficient and scalable algorithms exploiting these two strategies, which are significantly faster than alternative approaches. We illustrate these methods with several problems such as CUR matrix factorization, multi-task learning of tree-structured dictionaries, background subtraction in video sequences, image denoising with wavelets, and topographic dictionary learning of natural image patches.

</details>

<details>

<summary>2011-09-30 08:09:02 - SLALOM: a Language for SLA specification and monitoring</summary>

- *Anacleto Correia, Fernando Brito e Abreu, Vasco Amaral*

- `1109.6740v1` - [abs](http://arxiv.org/abs/1109.6740v1) - [pdf](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1109.6740v1)

> IT services provisioning is usually underpinned by service level agreements (SLAs), aimed at guaranteeing services quality. However, there is a gap between the customer perspective (business oriented) and that of the service provider (implementation oriented) that becomes more evident while defining and monitoring SLAs. This paper proposes a domain specific language (SLA Language for specificatiOn and Monitoring - SLALOM) to bridge the previous gap. The first step in SLALOM creation was factoring out common concepts, by composing the BPMN metamodel with that of the SLA life cycle, as described in ITIL. The derived metamodel expresses the SLALOM abstract syntax model. The second step was to write concrete syntaxes targeting different aims, such as SLA representation in process models. An example of SLALOM's concrete syntax model instantiation for an IT service sup-ported by self-service financial terminals is presented.

</details>


## 2011-10

<details>

<summary>2011-10-05 11:49:09 - Dictionary Learning for Deblurring and Digital Zoom</summary>

- *Florent Couzinie-Devy, Julien Mairal, Francis Bach, Jean Ponce*

- `1110.0957v1` - [abs](http://arxiv.org/abs/1110.0957v1) - [pdf](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1110.0957v1)

> This paper proposes a novel approach to image deblurring and digital zooming using sparse local models of image appearance. These models, where small image patches are represented as linear combinations of a few elements drawn from some large set (dictionary) of candidates, have proven well adapted to several image restoration tasks. A key to their success has been to learn dictionaries adapted to the reconstruction of small image patches. In contrast, recent works have proposed instead to learn dictionaries which are not only adapted to data reconstruction, but also tuned for a specific task. We introduce here such an approach to deblurring and digital zoom, using pairs of blurry/sharp (or low-/high-resolution) images for training, as well as an effective stochastic gradient algorithm for solving the corresponding optimization task. Although this learning problem is not convex, once the dictionaries have been learned, the sharp/high-resolution image can be recovered via convex optimization at test time. Experiments with synthetic and real data demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed approach, leading to state-of-the-art performance for non-blind image deblurring and digital zoom.

</details>

<details>

<summary>2011-10-13 07:35:05 - Sparse Image Representation with Epitomes</summary>

- *Louise Benoît, Julien Mairal, Francis Bach, Jean Ponce*

- `1110.2855v1` - [abs](http://arxiv.org/abs/1110.2855v1) - [pdf](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1110.2855v1)

> Sparse coding, which is the decomposition of a vector using only a few basis elements, is widely used in machine learning and image processing. The basis set, also called dictionary, is learned to adapt to specific data. This approach has proven to be very effective in many image processing tasks. Traditionally, the dictionary is an unstructured "flat" set of atoms. In this paper, we study structured dictionaries which are obtained from an epitome, or a set of epitomes. The epitome is itself a small image, and the atoms are all the patches of a chosen size inside this image. This considerably reduces the number of parameters to learn and provides sparse image decompositions with shiftinvariance properties. We propose a new formulation and an algorithm for learning the structured dictionaries associated with epitomes, and illustrate their use in image denoising tasks.

</details>

<details>

<summary>2011-10-20 09:50:58 - Learning Hierarchical and Topographic Dictionaries with Structured Sparsity</summary>

- *Julien Mairal, Rodolphe Jenatton, Guillaume Obozinski, Francis Bach*

- `1110.4481v1` - [abs](http://arxiv.org/abs/1110.4481v1) - [pdf](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1110.4481v1)

> Recent work in signal processing and statistics have focused on defining new regularization functions, which not only induce sparsity of the solution, but also take into account the structure of the problem. We present in this paper a class of convex penalties introduced in the machine learning community, which take the form of a sum of l_2 and l_infinity-norms over groups of variables. They extend the classical group-sparsity regularization in the sense that the groups possibly overlap, allowing more flexibility in the group design. We review efficient optimization methods to deal with the corresponding inverse problems, and their application to the problem of learning dictionaries of natural image patches: On the one hand, dictionary learning has indeed proven effective for various signal processing tasks. On the other hand, structured sparsity provides a natural framework for modeling dependencies between dictionary elements. We thus consider a structured sparse regularization to learn dictionaries embedded in a particular structure, for instance a tree or a two-dimensional grid. In the latter case, the results we obtain are similar to the dictionaries produced by topographic independent component analysis.

</details>

